Troy issue because fox news wasn't
covering it well sir bit of politicians
started talking about it this week okay
let me bring that part up the Fox News
part because Donna according to a starts
we did on Nexus today since 2010 there
were only four national radio and
television transcripts which mentioned
Gosnell's names more than three times
which obviously is a little bit
different than Irwin was saying but that
is all we could find two from Fox News
and two from NPR that does make the
argument that this isn't even that this
isn't only on the right obviously it
more like it's not being covered by
anyone that is correct the Philadelphia
Inquirer had over 300 stories in their
newspapers hello a Philadelphia press
did cover it that's correct and also in
in terms of the pro-choice groups Kate
Michael men the chair emeritus of the
National abortion rights action Lee she
also wrote about this story and why this
was a very important story so I think
people have tried to bring it up to the
national level but of course as you all
know maybe it's not as sensational as
some people believe it should be I think
when desperate women seek out you know
help and they have so few options poor
women in particular and they are forced
to go to someone like this provider it
should cry out for us to talk about
abortion laws it is after all a medical
procedures it should be regulated in
them nah no procedure do you reject the
argument that is being made by many on
the right i mean as you know all you
have to do today is go on twitter go on
the blogosphere and the allegation is
there that they say the mainstream media
and those who are pro-choice have
ignored this story because it makes
abortion look horrific you know of
course I reject that because your own
evidence demonstrate that the the
mainstream right-wing media with all of
their various platforms online in other
places Breitbart was probably the only
online you know institution that coveted
look this was a failure this was a
horrible Grizzlies story and ian is
right there was up there was a gag order
issue we should we should all
acknowledge that this story has not been
on the national radar by either the left
or the right